{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TriciaDuct is your all-in-one triangle toolkit, seamlessly integrating four essential triangle converters into a single, user-friendly app. Our application caters to mathematical enthusiasts, students, and professionals alike, offering quick and accurate solutions for 30-60-90 triangles, 45-45-90 triangles, equilateral triangles, and isosceles triangles.\
\
With TriciaDuct, users can effortlessly convert angles and side lengths, aiding in geometric problem-solving with precision. The intuitive interface ensures a seamless experience as individuals input their triangle parameters, while the app's robust logic performs intricate calculations behind the scenes. Emphasizing versatility, our app provides an inclusive environment for learning and exploration.\
\
TriciaDuct stands out with its commitment to user convenience. The well-designed interface allows users to enter angles, side lengths, and heights in various units, catering to diverse user preferences. Whether you're a student studying geometry or a professional architect requiring quick triangle calculations, TriciaDuct is the go-to tool for your mathematical needs.\
\
Our commitment to accuracy and educational support is reflected in the user-centric design and functionality of TriciaDuct. The "About Us" section within the app echoes our dedication to fostering a positive learning environment and ensuring mathematical concepts are accessible to everyone.\
\
In essence, TriciaDuct is more than just an app; it's a reliable companion for all things triangular. Embrace the power of precision, versatility, and simplicity with TriciaDuct\'97your comprehensive triangle conversion solution.}